# Welcome Asia/Pacific :earth_asia: to GTN Tapas!

Everyone is expected to abide by the [Code of Conduct (CoC)](https://galaxyproject.org/community/coc/) during this event. We want this to be a welcoming and friendly environment for everyone! Please see the CoC for more information and the point of contact for any issues.

:sparkles: **Let's Get Started!** :sparkles:

This is probably  different kind of training than you have attended before. This is completely _asynchronous_ workshop. There are tutorials and recordings online, and you are free to go through these at your own pace.

For this training week there is *no fixed schedule*, instead we provide a set of modules for you to choose from.

- This week YOU make the schedule, YOU decide which tutorials to follow, and when to start, stop, and take breaks. Find modules which are interesting to you.
- New to Galaxy? We suggest you start with the 'Introduction to Galaxy' module, followed by the ['Bioinformatics Buffet' module](https://gallantries.github.io/video-library/modules/bioinformatics-buffet).
- Unsure which tutorial to follow? Feel free to ask us for recommendations in Slack!

:computer: **Doing the tutorials** :computer:

Whenever you're ready to get started, find the module of interest in your track, and start following the videos and/or tutorials for that module.

- The schedule page has all of the information you might need.
- Each tutorial has it's own channel in this Slack. On the schedule you'll find the channel in which you should ask questions about a specific tutorial.

:question: **Questions** :question:

When asking a question:

1. Ask in the appropriate place (#general for general issues or the tutorial specific channel.)
2. Use threads
3. Say which VM you're using.
4. Share all of the details (what did the output say? what was the error? did you see more information in the ansible logs?)

---

**Servers**

Get Registered on your closest Galaxy server.

<SERVERS>

**TIaaS**

Click this link to join the training event group on your server! It makes your jobs go faster

<TIAAS>

:ice_cube: **Today's Icebreaker** :ice_cube:

Head over to #social and let us know the answer to this important question:

> **Introduce yourself and tell us one fun fact about yourself!** and **What are you hoping to learn this week?**
